[Music]
hey toy fans it's time for another blind
bag opening the responses in the form of
series two of the disney wikkeez
collectible figures under stickers we do
get two wiki's and we get the warner
sticker as well including bots season 1
was very good so I'm hoping this will be
just as good and you can find the gold
with these inside as before these are
from vivid I do have five of these I
know there are over 50 to play as well
so open all five of them blonde dykes
and we can see then here we have the
sticker is a Sulley
[Music]
so our stickers were Sully Elsa so that
means we can get to the frozen ones iced
on boys we have Alice from Alice in
Wonderland and we have two of the beast
from Beauty and the Beast
we have Jesse from Toy Story and I do
have a three of these we have what I
believe to be is a Cinderella and we do
have two Cinderella's we have a boo of
the monkey from Aladdin we have our
favorite fairy Tinker Bell we have Alice
from Alice in Wonderland we have the
evil Ursula and from Phineas and Ferb we
have Thurber Fletcher so there they are
guys serious - on the Disney or wiki's
figures these are awesome little figures
very cheap as well blind bags so
definitely a must for any Disney fan or
collector well thanks for dropping in
and I'll catch you all here next time on
saw your review TV
[Music]